Our App is available in both online and Offline modes, and in your pocket that is with you 24*7.

A lot of research and learning has preceded the development of this app, which enabled us to create an approach best suited for the latest aviation Exams. Traditional coaching institutes do not adapt their teaching approach quickly.

We also have the digital advantage, which lets us provide you with a personalized progress report.
&&No can’t use Flytrom Learning App in more than one device, as it is strictly for personal use.
A Flytrom Learning Pro account is meant to be used by only one user. Please note that sharing an account is against our Terms and Conditions and will result in account blockage without warning.
&&If you have joined a good coaching institute and been attending all classes, you do not need a Video plan. But You can consider QBank + Test Series plan.

  If you have missed some classes or if your coaching center is not thorough enough, we recommend you go for a plan including Videos. However, it is important to not spend too much time on videos or coaching. Practicing MCQs on QBank is very important.
  &&There is be a button below any video lecture in the app to ask doubts from our teachers which will re-direct you to Whatsapp of our faculty, wherein you can ask unlimited doubts from the subject experts.
  &&All purchases will be final and no refund request will be entertained under any circumstances.
  &&Your Pro Plan is associated with your email id and phone number that you used during the purchase of your subscription. Even if you change your device, all your data, bookmarks, tests and Qbank is safe on the cloud. Log in to your new device and you will be good to go from where you left off.
  &&Please tap on the top left menu bar in your app and go to Buy Plan. or directly to buy plan from respective subject section.

  Yes, all plan prices are inclusive of taxes.
  &&No you can not change or replace any plan once purchased. but you should buy only after checking free content.
  &&Close the app and open it again.

  Next, try logging out and logging in again.

  If it still doesn’t work, please email us at support@flytrom.com

  We will make it work asap.
  &&As of now it is for 6 month from date of purchase.

  But we might provide different durations of subscription in future.
  &&Yes, you can watch the same video any number of times.
  &&You can download videos and watch them later.
  You will see your downloads in First folder of Lectures Tab. ( Inside My Downloaded Videos Folder)
    &&No, you can watch our videos only on a mobile device like a phone or a tablet. If you want to watch the videos on a larger screen, we suggest you use a tablet or an iPad.

      Allowing the option to watch videos on a PC, smart TV and the like will expose us to potential piracy risks.
      &&We do not provide subtitles for the video lessons as of now. All lectures are recorded by english speaking faculty. In future, we might add this feature.
&&See these steps First –
    • Check if your internet connection is working properly (test with a Youtube video).
    • Next, try lowering the resolution of the video by tapping on Auto in the bottom right corner and selecting the lowest one.
    • Ensure you have the latest version of the app. Go to the Play Store/App Store to see if there are any updates.

    If the video doesn’t play even after taking all these measures, please write to us at support@flytrom.com. We’ll get in touch with you.
    &&Yes, our notes will cover all subjects and chapters. Also they are  based on the video content of respective chapter, which will be updated periodically.
    &&The Notes that are included in the app are soft copy only. All pro users can access the soft copy of Notes in the our app, but it is not available for download outside the app.

    In future, we might deliver hard copies of notes.
    &&To expand the content in the soft copy of Notes, tap on it and then zoom in with 2 fingers to expand.
    &&
    • Open the Flytrom Learning app.
    • Tap on the menu (three lines) which is on the top left corner of the screen.
    • Tap on your profile.
    • Scroll down and select Reset option.
    • Now, select Bookmarks and click on Reset to reset all the Bookmarks

    This action will reset all MCQs of all chapters to be started as fresh. Progress of Qbank will be lost
    &&
    • Open the Flytrom Learning app.
    • Tap on the menu (three lines) which is on the top left corner of the screen.
    • Tap on app settings.
    • tap on Reset .
    • Now, tap Qbank and confirm yes to reset all the Qbank.

    This action will reset all Bookmarks of all questions in your app.
    &&Click on the report error option below MCQ explanation.

      select the type of error and add further details. Our team will review your feedback in 24 hours. If we need additional clarification, or if we have made a change, you will get an email from us. We will appreciate your effort
    &&Yes, you can solve questions of a module or chapter as many times as you want, but your progress will reset everytime you do a reset of question bank from settings.
    &&With Custom Test, you can create multiple scenarios of MCQs. This feature can be used to break the monotony, as well as for a quick revision. You can decide the difficulty level, subject, chapter and the number of questions in the module that you want to generate.

      You can create a test of the chapters that you have finished to see your personal progress at that time.
    &&A test cannot be taken again once it is submitted. This applies even if you renew your subscription or purchase a new subscription. We maintain strict rules against it to prevent any sort of manipulation and piracy. However, you can review the answers of a test any number of times after submitting. You can also bookmark the MCQs you might want to revise.
        &&
    • Open the Flytrom Learning app.
    • Tap on the menu (three lines) which is on the top left corner of the screen.
    • Tap on app settings.
    • tap on Reset .
    • Now, tap Tests and confirm yes to reset all the Tests

    This action will reset all Tests of all subjects to be started as fresh. Progress of Test scores will be lost
    &&You should be making steady progress with each test, in your score. If not, it is time to revisit your preparation and strategy. The scores will give a clear indication of where you stand.
    You can reset all tests and start over again anytime.
    &&We do not provide any printed material due to piracy issues. The complete course is available in the Flytrom Learning app , and you can access it anytime.
    &&Mail us: support@flytrom.com Call us: 9941-737-737 (9am- 9pm).
    &&No, as of now we do not have any such groups. Creating such groups using our name is illegal.

    Please report such activity if seen anywhere to support@flyrom.com
    &&No, we dont provide individual access to users with our faculty.

